yellow this is a project on starting
basically it's a pet safe cat or dog
feeder it holds five portions can be set
on a time after dispense it various
times morning night so on and so on okay
I want this to basically open my
chicken-coop door I wanted to open it
you in the morning and shut it last wing
at night okay bless one damage that I've
already started on a project and got got
the basics down I'm just got to revise
it to the finished product
we don't be doing that a length of video
I go wild on this Bezdek forget apart
and then start your portions my portions
I'll feed a bit Meccano Center stripped
it to the top that is for the string
which goes to basically the door okay I
figured out that this sensors its
sensors basically the fire portions part
little gaps in the plastic well
basically toked up all the five gaps
because I only want it to go try to die
so I want at the hundred eighty degrees
cut so basically on the opposite side
119 degrees from the wall my cat I'll
put a cat so that sense is it a 50/50 so
on the upstroke opens the door on a
downstroke it shuts the door fairly
simple ready okay so basically but what
about together shape physically work
okay I've made a little pulley system
seat to represent where the door this
would be sitting flat on the surface a
big ID and the string would be sitting
over the top like so well he says trying
do it one-handed
Hey look I will be helping on light side
but in the revised would be using better
spring and so on okay so that why it is
that is it's a need open position so now
we will start it let's say the timer
says what time to close box the eight
centimeters down or eight inches down to
the close position which can be altered
read this strip closer to the edge the
more closer to the middle the less
distance to door travels okay now we
want to open it pages those open sorted
it's very simple idea for same fire off
the boot sale I mean that these these
systems can really tell anything from
seventy eighty pound UK upwards so I
will post a follow-up video with it
fully functional on the actual coop
thank you